# Meeting Notes 6/21/2022

### Pre-meeting

* Discuss interference matrix/assigning multiple LRs to a single column
in the matrix passed to the model
* Model architecture, Yundi's plan for binary map matrix/instruction features
and how they're transformed before being put into the main model.

### During/post notes

* Send LLVM patch to Mircea for code review
* Work on ml-compiler-opt side (find approach, get everything ready)
* System administration is annoying and hard
* Current model not working isn't necessarily too unexpected. LLVM
is a pretty small corpus and even smaller external to Google.
* Lunch on July 11th too?!